Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiyosaki
What do the rich think about money and why rich get richer?
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This book is an incredible work by Robert Kiyosaki. It will make you think about money and finances differently.

This book tells us how most people work for money. Instead, we have to make money work for us. Didn't understand right? Let me explain.

Assume you have a good amount of money in your hand right now. What will you do? Buy a car? Buy a house? Well, what most people would do is buy a house. But do you realize that your house is a liability and not an asset?

"Rich people acquire assets. The poor and middle class acquire liabilities that they think are assets."

An asset is something that will help you make more money. Liabilities are just a burden on our shoulders. Liabilities like a car will never help us make more money. Instead, it will just drain our pockets of more money.

Assets for example investments in stocks or mutual funds, will give us a good amount of interest in the future, in turn helping us make more money.

The biggest issue with our society is that these things related to money, as Robert Kiyosaki calls it, "Financial Intelligence", is something that is never taught to us. As a result, many find themselves in debt in this era.

Poor people get into more and more debt while the rich get more and more rich.‭

The rich know the secret to financial intelligence which the poor people don't. Rich people acquire this knowledge by failing and learning from it. Poor people are deprived of this knowledge because they are scared to fail.

“It’s not how much money you make. It’s how much money you keep.”

If we properly use our minds, we can achieve financial intelligence. But we need to accept failure and we should also be ready to take risks.

"Often in the real world, it’s not the smart who get ahead, but the bold.”

This book explains how the government takes a big amount of our earnings as taxes. It teaches us how to save our money from the government in a legal way.

This book teaches you to start investing at an early stage. It teaches you to take more risks and how to acquire great assets.

I thoroughly enjoyed this and would suggest it as a must-read for all age groups.
